Policy development tutorial (#1384)
3scale/APIcast: doc/policy_tutorial/README.md

# APIcast policy development tutorial
This repository contains the code and configuration of a APIcast policy used in the tutorial described in this README.

> It's purposes are to provide a first introduction to the world of policy development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Its purposes are to provide a first introduction to the world of policy development.
```

> In this tutorial we are going to dive into the development and testing of a custom APIcast policy. In the first part we are going to setup a development environment so we can actually start the development of our policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this tutorial you will dive into the development and testing of a custom APIcast policy. In the first part you will setup a development environment so you can start the development of the policy.
```

> But before we begin, let’s first take a look what a APIcast policy is. We are not going into too much detail here, since this is described [here](../policies.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before beginning, first take a look what an APIcast policy is, described [here](../policies.md).
```

The APIcast gateway is based on [Nginx](https://www.nginx.com/) and more specifically [Openresty](http://openresty.org/en/), which is a distribution of Nginx compiled with various modules, most notable the [lua-nginx-module](https://github.com/openresty/lua-nginx-module).

> The lua-nginx-module provides the ability to enhance a Nginx server by executing scripts using the [Lua programming language](https://www.lua.org/). This is done by providing a Lua hook for each of the Nginx phases. Nginx works using an event loop and a state model where every request (as well as the starting of the server and its worker processes) goes through various phases. Each phase can execute a specific Lua function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The lua-nginx-module provides the ability to enhance a NGINX server by executing scripts using the [Lua programming language](https://www.lua.org/). This is done by providing a Lua hook for each of the NGINX phases. NGINX works using an event loop and a state model where every request, as well as the starting of the server and its worker processes, goes through various phases. Each phase can execute a specific Lua function.
```

> An overview of the various phases and corresponding Lua hooks was kindly in the README of the lua-nginx-module: https://github.com/openresty/lua-nginx-module#directives

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An overview of the various phases and corresponding Lua hooks was in the README of the lua-nginx-module: https://github.com/openresty/lua-nginx-module#directives
```

![Nginx phases](img/nginx-phases.png)

> Since the APIcast gateway uses Openresty a way to leverage these Lua hooks in the Nginx server is provided by something called policies. As described in the APIcast README:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the APIcast gateway uses OpenResty, a way to leverage these Lua hooks in the NGINX server is provided by something called policies. As described in the APIcast README:
```

> **“The behaviour of APIcast is customizable via policies. A policy basically tells APIcast what it should do in each of the nginx phases.”**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**“The behaviour of APIcast is customizable via policies. A policy basically tells APIcast what it should do in each of the NGINX phases.”**
```

The code in this repo follows the APIcast directory structure.

> In order to use this code it has to be integrated in the APIcast code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use this code it must be integrated in the APIcast code.
```
